The Pokémon Second Child was
fuck because you do not miss an episode
pokémon on television but you do not
knew when it was small that pokémon already
had several episodes censored and the worst
has until today is personal and now let's
talk a little about censorship in the
Pokémon
already episode 18 happened the first
censorship for us Brazilians reason for
which episode was banned is that jaime
to produce from woman to power
to participate in a bikini contest
you may think ok so far so good
because everyone knows that money is
I'm going to finish it but during this
transformation he wears with a body
inflatable that leaves him with her breasts well
very bulky
this makes them think they were
influencing homosexuality from
of the drawing
Do you know I found this bullshit?
banishment why you do not need
there is no episode banned for
know the sexual preference of the
James
This episode was later dubbed in
United States and spent time in the air
then disappeared again and the dubbing here in the
Brazil has never happened because the
episode was very short due to
various bodies
already in the following episode the episode 19
was also banned but this time only in
United States because in this episode
appears a tentacle is a giant
destroying buildings hitting everything and
after the September 11 terrorist attack
2001 United States decided to stop
show this episode there because it could
make a certain reference to an attack
later the episode again passed in the
television
episode 23 was also banned
temporarily in the United States by the
same motive
today the episode title was the tower
of terror in Brazil the tower of terror
according to the information the name
of this episode to remind the attack
terrorism that witnessed the drawing should
remember this episode well the episode
very striking at least for me is the
episode in which is chip dog stayed
out of your body and spirit
anyway now who remembers that the west
a lot of taurus but you had not
no idea where west is captured them
so the reason you do not know
how the west episode is captured him
either episode 35 corn is caught
several paulo integrate the music of the morning
The reason for banning the episode was
fact of the apparition of several firearms
during the plot of the entire episode and
also has a scene in which honey stays with
the mustache resembles that of the hitler
solved it now let's talk about
episode that many you must already have
heard the episode 38 the famous
episode called The Electric Soldier
organ
Surely this episode is more bad
famous even banned in Japan
also the factor of movement of this
episode was because during the episode the
pikachu blow up several bombs and
blast cause a color change
blue and red and very fast
high and hence no one
and that's why this joke took more than
600 Japanese children to the hospital with
principle of epileptic seizure
of course I will not show scenes
here only pictures
episode 65 holiday in rio de mix or
As we know in Brazil, holiday aladim.
if initially it was for him to have been the
episode 39
why this episode was
banished because it disappears with
original appearance of dark skin and
exaggerated lips in very English
unusual your special attack is the kiss
adorable that puts the opponent in sleep
this was considered an image
racist so they decided to hold
this episode a bit and it ended up
making episode 65 and passed
usually in brazil but this is over
causing some problems of the plot of the
story because this episode has west
a shaman d ee's for he was
charlie zardi because the episode 65 already
I was supposed to pull izzard by calling and I'm
I like
Now to finish the video, do not talk about
last episode banned that I go
mention episode 252 the reason
would be because brock was
lying down and hallucinating
so he kisses martins thinking that the
nurse joy're far so good but
Some people said that they were banned.
because the rocket team that caused the
blog disease purposely doing
a reference to srs disease I do not know how
speaks sars acute respiratory syndrome
severe
I also liked to leave the game.
it's just a dog's treasure chest
the judge then everyone is there
I wanted to mention that I did not in
other sagas office even helped because it is
The one that interests me the most and we want to be
the ones that interest you the most
have another episode of bandits until
today there is a thug there who went
recently I will leave the link for the
Registration for all to see and a
site that I recommend and good bye guys
You said thank you, sign up for the channel.
forget to give me that I liked
I really liked it, I'll wait for it.
second has passed according to the clicks
I liked it and it helps me fuck it and of course
you want to continue following the
channel clicks on signing up is logical
Thank you, Arm and Czech.